To change the simulator's speed, click on the "Simulate, Setup..." menu item. In the dialog that appears, specify the "Simulation Rate" in cycles per second (Hz).
To use a larger workspace, click on the "View, Grid Settings..." menu item. Then, enter a new "Canvas Size" in pixels.
You can have multiple windows open on the same project. Just goto the Window Menu and Select New Window.
You can view multiple pages of the same project. Just Double Click the little bar at the end of the scrollers. Then change the page after clicking in the window.
To have more control over wires you can use a node device. See the Node Device in online help to find out how.
You can select or unselect an object by holding down the <SHIFT> key when clicking on an object.
You can perform actions on devices even when the simulator is paused. They will be executed when you restart the simulator.
You will get much better results printing if you choose Landscape mode in Print Setup.
For fast printing set the Paper Color to White.
You can move a group of devices by moving anyone of the selected devices.
You can clone an object by holding down the <CTRL> key when clicking on the object and drag the new object away.
When you paste it pastes in the same position it was copied from, drag the pasted item away.
You can use the probe while the simulation is paused.
A Signal Sender device can have multiple Signal Receivers, so long as they all share the same name.
You can print while the simulation is paused to catch it in action.
When you change pages everything is automatically deselected.
A lot of error checking is performed when the simulator is reset, you can click the << button anytime to perform the checks.
The random device produces the same series of numbers when you pulse it's reset line.
You can connect your simulation to another over the Internet. See the Network Device in online help to find out how.
You can connect your simulation to real hardware. See the Port devices in online help to find out how.
The "Force 1/0" and "Pullup/down" attributes of the Node device do not propagate backwards through the network.
An unconnected Input or Output cannot be probed.
An unconnected Input is normally Unknown, you can override this behavior. See Simulation Setup in online help to find out how.
A File device remains open until the simulator is Reset.
When you click on a node device it selects the wires connected to it, to select the node device you must click next to it.
You can use the "Edit, Find..." command to locate a Text, Signal Sender, or Signal Receiver device based on the text it contains.
If you shut off Tip of the Day you can turn it back on from the Help Menu.
This is the last Tip of the Day.